---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onepasswordorg_item Resource - terraform-provider-onepasswordorg"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A 1Password item.
---

# onepasswordorg_item (Resource)

A 1Password item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vault` (String) The UUID of the vault the item is in.

### Optional

- `category` (String) The category of the item. One of ["login" "password" "database"]
- `database` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The name of the database.
- `hostname` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The address where the database can be found
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for this item.
- `port` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The port the database is listening on.
- `section` (Block List) A list of custom sections in an item (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--section))
- `tags` (List of String) An array of strings of the tags assigned to the item.
- `title` (String) The title of the item.
- `type` (String) (Only applies to the database category) The type of database. One of ["db2" "filemaker" "msaccess" "mssql" "mysql" "oracle" "postgresql" "sqlite" "other"]
- `url` (String) The primary URL for the item.
- `username` (String) Username for this item.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The Terraform resource identifier for this item in the format `vaults/<vault_id>/items/<item_id>`.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the item. Item identifiers are unique within a specific vault.

<a id="nestedblock--section"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label for the section.

Optional:

- `field` (Block List) A list of custom fields in the section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--section--field))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the section.

<a id="nestedblock--section--field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `section.field`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label for the field.

Optional:

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the field.
- `purpose` (String) Purpose indicates this is a special field: a username, password, or notes field. One of ["USERNAME" "PASSWORD" "NOTES"]
- `type` (String) The type of value stored in the field. One of ["STRING" "EMAIL" "CONCEALED" "URL" "OTP" "DATE" "MONTH_YEAR" "MENU"]
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the field.


